In 1935 the Austrian physicist Erwin Schrödinger proposed the famous Schrödinger’s cat; a thought experiment, sometimes described as a paradox. It illustrates the problem of the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics applied to everyday objects. 

Imagine we put a cat in a closed box with a piece of uranium that is poison gas and a Geiger counter hooked up to a hammer suspended above the gas vial, the radioactive uranium may emit a particle or may not. If a particle was released, the Geiger counter will detect it sending a signal to the mechanism controlling the hammer, which will strike the vial and release the poison gas, killing the cat. If the particle is not released, the cat will live. 

The outcome depends on the uranium emitting particle or not, this is a quantum system consisting of all possibilities, Schrödinger asked, what do we know about the cat before opening the box? One outcome includes a dead cat; the other includes a live one, neither becomes real until we open the box and look inside, yet according to the multiverse theory; since the cat is in a superposition of being alive and dead, the two possibilities will occur; one in our universe and one in another universe, it is just a matter of time for us to open the box and see which universe we are in.

In 2097, Tyrus Corporation developed the Z Gateway teleportation device for both short-range and in-between universes teleportation, which allows humans the travel to different dimensions and universes, utilizing the quantum entanglement phenomenon. 

In entanglement, two particles that arise from one source and then separate, become entangled in the sense that measuring the spin (spin is a property that sub-atomic particles have measured by the position of their angular momentum, could be thought of as an up and down spin, or in terms of information; zeros and ones) of one particle would immediately determine the spin of the other particle even if they were separated by large distances.*
In this game, you’re going to use the Z Gateway to move between different universes and overcome the challenges presented at each one of them. Your mission is to save as many cats as possible taking into consideration that each universe is linked with another one where the cat is in the opposite status. For example, if universe 2 and 5 are linked, after overcoming the challenges at the universe 2 and finding the cat dead, you should realize that the living one is presented at universe 5.

The Z Gateway device has a certain time constraint, hence try to save as many cats as possible within the provided period.

Good luck!